README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/K1PcQPG7)
# Starter Code for Assignment Module 3

## Run the project
- npm install
- npm run dev

## Standard Assignment
- Create main.js file inside src folder
- Based on the assignment brief, create a variable and put the variable value as below.
  
  `{
    title: "Spaghetti Carbonara",
    instructions:
      "1. Cook spaghetti according to package instructions. 2. In a separate pan, cook pancetta until crispy. 3. In a bowl, whisk eggs and grated cheese. 4. Combine spaghetti, pancetta, and egg mixture, stirring quickly. 5. Serve immediately with additional cheese and black pepper.",
    image: "https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/llcbn01574260722.jpg",
  }`
- Create an on `click` listener for the button
- Create a function `onRandomRecipe` where it will set the HTML DOM for `recipe-title` `recipe-instruction` and `recipe-image`
- The function will also set `recipe-image` width to "200px" and set `#getRecipeBtn` to be disappeared after click.
- Bind the function `onRandomRecipe` to the `click` listener button

## Challenge your limits!
- Make a proper variable name for more a readable code.
- Put things into a variable for a meaningful naming.
- Make a function to get the random recipe for more neat code.

<h1 align="left">Checpoint 1</h1>
  
<img alt="checpoint1" width="200px" align="left" src="Screenshot 2024-12-07 at 06.52.29.png" ><br>

Commit message:

Updated README.md with project features and instructions

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/K1PcQPG7)
# Starter Code for Assignment Module 3

## Run the project
- npm install
- npm run dev

## Standard Assignment
- Create main.js file inside src folder
- Based on the assignment brief, create a variable and put the variable value as below.
  
  `{
    title: "Spaghetti Carbonara",
    instructions:
      "1. Cook spaghetti according to package instructions. 2. In a separate pan, cook pancetta until crispy. 3. In a bowl, whisk eggs and grated cheese. 4. Combine spaghetti, pancetta, and egg mixture, stirring quickly. 5. Serve immediately with additional cheese and black pepper.",
    image: "https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/llcbn01574260722.jpg",
  }`
- Create an on `click` listener for the button
- Create a function `onRandomRecipe` where it will set the HTML DOM for `recipe-title` `recipe-instruction` and `recipe-image`
- The function will also set `recipe-image` width to "200px" and set `#getRecipeBtn` to be disappeared after click.
- Bind the function `onRandomRecipe` to the `click` listener button

## Challenge your limits!
- Make a proper variable name for more a readable code.
- Put things into a variable for a meaningful naming.
- Make a function to get the random recipe for more neat code.

## Current Project Features
- A shopping application built with React.
- Users can view products, add them to the cart, and manage their cart items.

## How to Run the Project
1. Clone the repository.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Run `npm install` to install dependencies.
4. Run `npm start` to start the development server.

<h1 align="left">Checpoint 1</h1>
  
<img alt="checpoint1" width="200px" align="left" src="Screenshot 2024-12-07 at 06.52.29.png" >
